ready for pinafore
Philadelphia the City of Brotherly Love
plays host to over 200 student athletes
at junior ranks first East Coast camp of
2011 the United States Marine Corps sets
the tone early leading athletes through
intense dynamic warm-ups even though
that was what happened so I was when you
start yelling I was at all
get everybody straighten up and shut up
their presence in the horses discipline
of animates character gender the junior
ranks core value by former Philadelphia
Eagles are on hand including former
greats Fred Barnett mark macmillan and
Byron Evans but when former Eagles
quarterback end monday night football
commentator Ron Jaworski took the field
athletes know they're in for something
special
how's it blown away I forgot I didn't
know them dear so surprising this brings
a different aura first of all guys
congratulations
you made a great choice today you made a
great choice today buy juice come here
to junior rank camp and join the Marines
here jaws as he's commonly known
operates down on the fundamentals needed
to succeed at the highest level have a
little touch on drop it over there'll be
a live backdoor see you wanna have a
little touch on this one standout
quarterback Shannon Maher and Brandon
Napoleon take advantage of the
opportunity to learn from the 17-year
NFL veteran loosen that grew up just a
little bit looks I get a little pom on
that ball it'll more fingertip control
so you control the football the six-foot
Napoleon impresses coaches with his
leadership and arm Brent is a tremendous
athlete quarterback
you'd probably play quarterback anywhere
in the country all-purpose guy that's I
think is going to be a dominant player
in the next level the biggest crop of
talent in Philly is split between the
running back and defensive back position
in this talent pool was definitely here
you know like I said that two of the
best safeties I've probably had and the
camps that I've been coaching Safety's
DJ singleton and Nate Smith impressed
coach McMillen with their athleticism
and leadership DJ singleton is a step
above a lot of kids that we've cooked so
far he's a big kid looks like a grown
man already you know he's a real humble
kid very sounding his technique
I'm talking he is 100 percent that's a
full but if you don't have good
technique then you won't succeed in the
game you can't just play off Talent with
offers from Syracuse and Purdue DJ is
looking to improve his game over his
senior year before choosing a college as
far as his physical attributes his mind
his football savvy the kid has all the
tools right now and I think actually the
kid could step in right now and play
college football Nate Smith made a lot
of plays every day he came out same same
kind of leadership same kind of savvy
for the game you do definitely I
communicate
got a stick what you do just do what you
do this state focus number penning I
think I did great today running backs
Greg Garmin and Kai Morgan are confident
they can play with anyone on the field
I just won't put my school on the mat we
got talent down there for the 510 Morgan
recently committed to the University of
Virginia and impresses coaches with his
athleticism in the slot you know use the
might of the bat feel very coachable
it's real level that they're at that
future is bright Chi more lightning
quick decisive he's got vision like very
few running backs that I've seen this
year he's gonna be an outstanding
addition to the team Kai's friend and
fellow running back Greg Garmin tests
his speed during the camp's fastest man
competition lined up against some of the
fastest athletes in the Northeast Garmin
takes the title with a blazing four
point four times these guys did a great
job God's blessed up with great speed
get my hand for what they did he's one
of the best athletes I've seen this year
all year and then for him to come out
and win the fastest man on the third day
of camp and running a four for blazing
on a wet turf I tell you what I think
he's great has a lot of athletic ability
and what you've seen by when in the
fastest man competition that he has
great speed and I told you this was
easily the most talented camp that we've
had I mean there's tens dozens of
scholarship offers you know most
and we've even got some all-americans
out here as camp closes junior rank
honors defensive end justin moody with
the camp's prestigious maxwell award
this behavior is spoke volumes and i
don't think you said two words to an
opponent ladies and gentlemen Justin
whoo the best of the best today
singleton Napoleon Garmin and Morgan
received invitations to the junior ranks
Semper Fi all-american game in Phoenix
Arizona on January 3rd before a national
TV audience you know to have for all
Americans in one camp is a privilege and
each guy in their individual right will
great people first separate file I am
brand Napoleon from this is jr. hi
Morgan
this is June
Vijay Singh - and this is Julie
I'm showing Barry CEO junior rank sports
and this is Junior